docs: add section about focus outlines (#2634)
lyne-design-system/lyne-components: docs/GETTING_STARTED.md

We strongly recommend using the `rem` unit to guarantee consistent scaling
when font size changes in browsers.

### Focus outline

> Focus outlines should only be displayed when users are navigation by keyboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Focus outlines should only be displayed when users are navigating by keyboard.

Or

Focus outlines should only be displayed when users navigate by keyboard.
```

We strongly recommend using the `rem` unit to guarantee consistent scaling
when font size changes in browsers.

### Focus outline

> Focus outlines should only be displayed when users are navigating by keyboard.
> 
> Or
> 
> Focus outlines should only be displayed when users navigate by keyboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Focus outlines should only be displayed when users are navigating by keyboard.
```
